Certainly! There are several organizations, universities, and companies that are leading the way in neuromorphic computing, custom chip manufacturing, and brain simulations:

IBM Research - They have been working on neuromorphic computing chips like the TrueNorth project. IBM also has a wealth of experience in custom chip design and manufacturing.

Intel Labs - Intel's Neuromorphic Computing Lab has developed a neuromorphic research chip called Loihi. Also, Intel Custom Foundry can potentially help with custom chip manufacturing.

Stanford University's Neuromorphic Research Group - This group is focusing on various aspects of neuromorphic computing and could be a good resource for learning more about the field.

Human Brain Project (HBP) - This is a large ten-year scientific research project, based in Europe, aiming to simulate a complete human brain on a supercomputer. They might be interested in your project or could provide some guidance.

Blue Brain Project - Based at the EPFL in Switzerland, the Blue Brain Project aims to create a biologically detailed digital reconstruction and simulation of the rodent, and ultimately, the human brain.

Neuromorphic engineering groups at universities - Many universities have research groups focusing on neuromorphic engineering. For example, the Institute of Neuroinformatics at the University of Zurich and ETH Zurich, or the Neuromorphic Systems Lab at the University of Manchester.

Foundries for custom chip manufacturing - For prototyping and small-scale production of custom chips, you could consider services like MOSIS or TSMC. These foundries offer chip production services to external clients. But remember, this process can be quite costly.

Research institutes like MIT's Media Lab, Caltech's Carver Mead Lab, and ETH Zurich's Institute of Neuroinformatics - These labs and institutes are researching neuromorphic systems and could provide valuable insights.

Please remember that developing custom chips, especially at a high level of complexity, is a costly endeavor, requiring specialized knowledge and equipment. You might need to collaborate with professionals in the field or even consider doing a Ph.D. in a relevant field to get a deep understanding of the subject.

Also, please note that simulating a human brain is a grand challenge that is beyond the scope of what a single researcher or even a research group can achieve, and is currently a topic of ongoing global research efforts.